But very not done yet as with the map and the week map the south also got a weak set and we can do it
like this.
Now all first going to blow everything up by hitting run.
And of course you get an error.
The reason is we're using an invalid value.
And here's the reason it's the same as with the weak map the weak set may only store objects.
Now if we're in a weak map of course only the key had to be an object.
But since in the weak set we only have values no key values.
Well then in this case the value has to be an object for the same reason as with the map only for objects
is javascript able to well garbage collect them and to determine if they still in use.
Therefore if we have a set which we would anyways only populate with objects then we might think about
using a weak set because this would allow javascript to clean up unused objects and again you have this
protection.
If you're using an object somewhere in your code well then you can be sure it won't be deleted.
So this will only happen if you're not using it anymore in which case you shouldn't care.
So I will quickly show to us by just adding block objects in my set.
You're all add two and then just to complete the say to show that all objects aren't added multiple
times and also add the the two object object two times.
Or let's see what happens if I now hit run while we still get an error of course because like the weak
map the weak set is numerable.
This of course means that while we don't know the length of it we don't know how many items that will
hold because javascript will clean it up by it's on its own will delete certain values from the set
.
Therefore a recount loop proved like with the me we map what we can of course do is we still got d Hass
method so we can log.
If you said Pass or B to object.
So what does I'm checking if this object in there and if I had to run we see false.
Now that's certainly strange.
And why do we get that.
Well the reason is remember that for objects we only store pointers to to place in memory where they
actually live.
Therefore are four of us also kind of tricking you this week set at the point you created will have
free values because the second and the third object aren't the same.
These are different objects that friend values because we created a new object.
And now you are creating a new object again for this specific object we're checking your.
It's not inside the set of course.
As it looks exactly the same like here but technically a new object is created a new place in memory
and you get a new pointer to that object.
So in order to really well see if a specific object is in the set.
Of course I have to create it here like.
Like so object one would be a one.
And then let's say object to which would be BE2.
And now if I go to my array here and I just add object one object to object to.
Well in this case only the first two would get added because now the second and the fluid object or
element here are exactly the same value because we only create a two tier once.
And now if I try to retrieve objects you get true because now I'm always referring to the very same
value to the very same object and created here.
So that's the weak set.
And besides it has a method here of course I also got my add method to try to add object 1 again.
Of course it's already in there but I can add any object again.
And of course I also got my set.
The leap method to get rid of object too.
So now I've hit run get false because now it's no longer included in the set because I'm deleting it
here.
So has delete an ad like with me map where we had get set and all the Delete the week said does have
the same methods it doesn't have a clear method or anything else which is related to the overall size
of the set.
Because that is unknown it doesn't have a size property to for that reason.
Because again we don't know how many items will be in there because javascript will clean this set up
but we can safely use the lead acid at the cost of all those methods.
We passed the Optik we want the access and therefore we were using it.
And if we're using it it's not getting deleted.
So as we map we access certainly it's a great use if you are only holding objects and you want to increase
her performance and then you might want to think about using that